Add explanation for auto_random ID allocation (#16113)
pingcap/docs: auto-random.md

1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

## Implicit allocation rules of IDs

> The values implicitly allocated to the `AUTO_RANDOM` column are similar to those of the `AUTO_INCREMENT` column. They are also controlled by the session-level system variables [`auto_increment_increment`](/system-variables.md#auto_increment_increment) and [`auto_increment_offset`](/system-variables.md#auto_increment_offset). The auto-increment bits (ID) of implicitly allocated values comform to the equation `(ID - auto_increment_offset) % auto_increment_increment == 0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB implicitly allocates value to `AUTO_RANDOM` columns similarly to `AUTO_INCREMENT` columns. They are also controlled by the session-level system variables [`auto_increment_increment`](/system-variables.md#auto_increment_increment) and [`auto_increment_offset`](/system-variables.md#auto_increment_offset). The auto-increment bits (ID) of implicitly allocated values conform to the equation `(ID - auto_increment_offset) % auto_increment_increment == 0`.
```

> The values implicitly allocated to the `AUTO_RANDOM` column are similar to those of the `AUTO_INCREMENT` column. They are also controlled by the session-level system variables [`@@auto_increment_increment`](/system-variables.md#auto_increment_increment) and [`@@auto_increment_offset`](/system-variables.md#auto_increment_offset). The auto-increment bits (ID) of implicitly allocated values comform to the equation `(ID - auto_increment_offset) % auto_increment_increment == 0`.

Author: ```suggestion
The values implicitly allocated to the `AUTO_RANDOM` column are similar to those of the `AUTO_INCREMENT` column. They are also controlled by the session-level system variables [`auto_increment_increment`](/system-variables.md#auto_increment_increment) and [`auto_increment_offset`](/system-variables.md#auto_increment_offset). The auto-increment bits (ID) of implicitly allocated values comform to the equation `(ID - auto_increment_offset) % auto_increment_increment == 0`.
```
